大师的名字叫：Benjamin Zander
小女孩叫：Annabelle Lee
well done
I wanna congratulate the two teachers, for their work  reward to this children. And I wanna say where’s the mother? you’re the mother.
So mother’s turn to worry. You know that you worry.
Let me ask you this question. First of all, do you think she’s beautiful?
According to my husband say yes
yes! She is beautiful. How about you?
No, not yet.
Really? I think she’s gorgeous.
Do you think she’s doing well?
Not yet.
Ok, alright, do you think she’s playing the violin well?
No.
Ok, now, let me tell you something very important, this is the most important thing that I can tell you. Your worry is perpetrating itself on her. If I were you, I would say this is the most gorgeous child, the most wonderful child she’s doing fantastic well. I have nothing but joy with her.
Because if you worry about her and this is gonna happen, if you worry like that, she’s gonna grow up as a worried person instead of as a joyful person, your job is to keep her escaping, that’s the only job.
That’s the only job you have, you don’t have any other job, alright? You don’t have it. Because she’ll be serious and dedicate and hard woking and achieve a lot because she sees her parents doing that, she doesn’t need her parents to tell her that. because at the moment she’s finding it very difficult to smile. That’s for me the only thing that  worries me about her. She isn’t smiling. She can just about to skip, but she can’t skip and smile. When she can skip and smile she’ll be in good shape. The real transformation in this room is not here. It’s here. And not just you but all your friends too. You worry about your children. You worry they aren’t practicing enough, they aren’t doing school work enough, and then they won’t get into a good school, and then they won’t get into a college and then they won’t get a good job and then they die.
He’s smiling, he’s doing great. So the worry is the thing that kills us. Can you remember that keep her skipping and love her. Just how she’s perfect right now. You got that? Yes.
It’s the only important lesson of the day is right here, it’s for the mother.
Alright. And you have fun. Ok, have fun in life because you’re wonderful girl. You got beautiful musical talent, you playing beautifully, have a wonderful life. Ok, would you do that? would you smile please? Look at there, look at their beautiful smiling in their face. That’s one of the best things she can teach you is to be happy and to smile. Because these two sisters, they always have had, I met them at many times they always happy. Always happy. And that’s what makes some wonderful teachers. Is that ok?

